feat(electron): Session Replay for Electron (#6209)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/platform-includes/session-replay/pre-requisites/javascript.capacitor.mdx

> For the sentry-replay integration to work, you must have the [Sentry Capacitor SDK package](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@sentry/capacitor) installed. The minimum version required for the SDK is `0.11.1`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For the sentry-replay integration to work, you must have the [Sentry Electron SDK package](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@sentry/electron) installed. The minimum version required for the SDK is `4.2.0`.
```

If you're on an older version of the SDK, please check the [troubleshooting
document to help on

> migration](https://docs.sentry.io/platforms/javascript/guides/capacitor/troubleshooting/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
migration](https://docs.sentry.io/platforms/javascript/guides/electron/troubleshooting/).
```
